Improve text on effective Client Identifiers (#435)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

* `x509_san_uri`: When the Client Identifier Scheme is `x509_san_uri`, the Client Identifier MUST be a URI and match a `uniformResourceIdentifier` Subject Alternative Name (SAN) [@!RFC5280] entry in the leaf certificate passed with the request. The request MUST be signed with the private key corresponding to the public key in the leaf X.509 certificate of the certificate chain added to the request in the `x5c` JOSE header [@!RFC7515] of the signed request object. The Wallet MUST validate the signature and the trust chain of the X.509 certificate. All Verifier metadata other than the public key MUST be obtained from the `client_metadata` parameter. If the Wallet can establish trust in the Client Identifier authenticated through the certificate, e.g., because the Client Identifier is contained in a list of trusted Client Identifiers, it may allow the client to freely choose the `redirect_uri` value. If not, the `redirect_uri` value MUST match the Client Identifier without the prefix `x509_san_uri:`. Example Client Identifier: `x509_san_uri:https://client.example.org/cb`.

> * `web-origin`: This Client Identifier Scheme is defined in (#dc_api_request) and MUST only be used if the request is sent as an unsigned request via the Digital Credentials API defined in (#dc_api). The Wallet MUST NOT accept this Client Identifier Scheme in a Request, but the Client Identifier using this Client Identifier Scheme is constructed by the Wallet based on the Origin provided by the platform as defined in (#unsigned_request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `web-origin`: This Client Identifier Scheme is defined in (#dc_api_request) and MUST only be used if the request is sent as an unsigned request via the Digital Credentials API defined in (#dc_api). The Wallet MUST construct the Client Identifier based on the Origin provided by the platform as defined in (#unsigned_request).
```
I think "The Wallet MUST NOT accept this Client Identifier Scheme in a Request" is misleading because client_id must not be present in the unsigned dc api requests

### Unsigned Request {#unsigned_request}

The Verifier MAY send all the OpenID4VP request parameters as members in the request member passed to the API. In this case, the Wallet will use the plattform-provided Origin of the Verifier to determine the Verifier's authenticated Client Identifier.

> This Client Identifier is composed of a synthetic Client Identifier Scheme of `web-origin` and the Origin itself. For example, an Origin of `https://verifier.example.com` would result in a Client Identifier of `web-origin:https://verifier.example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this belongs in the definition of web-origin client identifier scheme....

The following requirements apply to the `nonce` and `aud` claims in the Key Binding JWT:

- the `nonce` claim MUST be the value of `nonce` from the Authorization Request;
- the `aud` claim MUST be the value of the Client Identifier; 

> Note that for an unsigned Authorization Request over the DC API, the `client_id` parameter is not used. Instead, the effective Client Identifier is derived from the Origin, as described in (#dc_api_request).

Reviewer: I would keep below clarification.  it feels important to repeat that client_id is omitted in unsigned dc api requests
> Note that for an unsigned Authorization Request over the DC API, the `client_id` parameter is not used.

Author: I was hoping that the addition of 2059 would make that unnecessary. I would like to make it clear that for DC API unsigned, the client_id is constructed by the wallet and not have to repeat that for every credential format
